NE-986: Add the information about allowedsourceranges (#51776)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-controller-configuration-parameters.adoc

If not set, the default value is based on `infrastructure.config.openshift.io/cluster` `.status.platform`:

* Amazon Web Services (AWS): `LoadBalancerService` (with External scope)

> * Amazon Web Services (AWS): `loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges`

Reviewer: This is a list of default `endpointPublishingStrategy` default values. Instead, we can add this new API a few lines below under this line 
```
On GCP, you can configure the following endpointPublishingStrategy fields:
- loadBalancer.scope
- loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges
```

Author: Addressed

* Amazon Web Services (AWS): `LoadBalancerService` (with External scope)
* Azure: `LoadBalancerService` (with External scope)

> * Azure: `loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges`

Reviewer: You can also remove this.

Author: Addressed

* Google Cloud Platform (GCP): `LoadBalancerService` (with External scope)
* Bare metal: `NodePortService`
* Other: `HostNetwork`

> On GCP, AWS, and bare metal you can configure the following `endpointPublishingStrategy` fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On GCP, AWS, and Azure you can configure the following `endpointPublishingStrategy` fields:
```

Author: Addressed

* Google Cloud Platform (GCP): `LoadBalancerService` (with External scope)
* Bare metal: `NodePortService`
* Other: `HostNetwork`

> On GCP, AWS, and Azure you can configure the following `endpointPublishingStrategy` fields:

Reviewer 2: This isn't rendering right in the preview build. You need a line break after this line for the bullets to render properly.

Author: addressed

* `loadBalancer.scope`
* `loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges`
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: I think this note probably belonged after the above "Other: `HostNetwork`" line, before your note

Author: Addressed
